README.md, before:

Dgraph
======

Dgraph is a library for creating, analysing and manipulating graphs, written in
the D programming language.  It aims to be fast and memory-efficient while also
being easy to use and extend.

The project is in very early experimental stages of development, so breaking
changes may occur on a regular basis (although every effort will be made to
ensure that such breakage is justified by the gains).  News and updates on
the project will be published on the author's blog: http://braingam.es/

Git repository: https://github.com/WebDrake/Dgraph

Dgraph is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License,
version 3 or (at your option) any later version.


Features
--------

Dgraph currently implements two different graph types (module dgraph.graph):
```IndexedEdgeList``` is an adaptation to D of the similarly-named igraph
data type, while ```CachedEdgeList``` is an extension of the indexed edge
list that (as its name indicates) caches the results of various calculations
in order to provide faster performance.

Graphs may be directed or undirected, but Dgraph currently offers no support
for weighted graphs or any other edge or vertex properties.  Arbitrary vertex
IDs (e.g. strings) are not currently supported.

The module dgraph.metric offers a selection of metrics for calculating
different graph properties: currently betweenness centrality and largest
connected cluster size are implemented.

Finally, the library provides a small selection of benchmarks for graph
construction and calculation of graph metrics.


Contributing
------------

Code contributions to Dgraph are welcome.  Please try to follow the D style
guidelines: http://dlang.org/dstyle.html

Feature requests and bug reports can be submitted via the Dgraph GitHub
issue list.

Commit message:

Update README with build instructions.

README.md, after:

Dgraph
======

Dgraph is a library for creating, analysing and manipulating graphs, written in
the D programming language.  It aims to be fast and memory-efficient while also
being easy to use and extend.

The project is in very early experimental stages of development, so breaking
changes may occur on a regular basis (although every effort will be made to
ensure that such breakage is justified by the gains).  News and updates on
the project will be published on the author's blog: http://braingam.es/

Git repository: https://github.com/WebDrake/Dgraph

Dgraph is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License,
version 3 or (at your option) any later version.


Features
--------

Dgraph currently implements two different graph types (module dgraph.graph):
```IndexedEdgeList``` is an adaptation to D of the similarly-named igraph
data type, while ```CachedEdgeList``` is an extension of the indexed edge
list that (as its name indicates) caches the results of various calculations
in order to provide faster performance.

Graphs may be directed or undirected, but Dgraph currently offers no support
for weighted graphs or any other edge or vertex properties.  Arbitrary vertex
IDs (e.g. strings) are not currently supported.

The module dgraph.metric offers a selection of metrics for calculating
different graph properties: currently betweenness centrality and largest
connected cluster size are implemented.

Finally, the library provides a small selection of benchmarks for graph
construction and calculation of graph metrics.


Building
--------

Dgraph is a source library and so does not need to be compiled in order to use:
just import the modules into your own D program.  DUB packaging is supported
and can be used to build programs that have Dgraph as a dependency
(see http://code.dlang.org/ for more information).

Several test utilities are provided that offer benchmarking of key features.
These can be built either using make (`make all` or `make [name]`) or with
dub (`dub build dgraph:[name]`).  The currently available utilities are as
follows:

   * __dgraph_graphtest__ benchmarks the creation of graphs from scratch, using
     two sample graphs with 50 and 10,000 nodes respectively.

   * __dgraph_betweenness50__ benchmarks betweenness centrality calculation on
     the 50-node sample graph.

   * __dgraph_betweenness10k__ benchmarks betweenness centrality calculation on
     the 10,000-node sample graph.


Contributing
------------

Code contributions to Dgraph are welcome.  Please try to follow the D style
guidelines: http://dlang.org/dstyle.html

Feature requests and bug reports can be submitted via the Dgraph GitHub
issue list.
